/learning: add Pluto section 🎈 (#2019)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: learning/index.md

  <br><br>
</div>

<br>
<br>
<br>
<!--
     Containers: Pluto
-->
<div class="container pt-sm-2 pluto packages">
 <br><br>
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-lg-4 col-md-3 language-features"><hr/></div>
      <div class="col-lg-4 col-md-6 language-features section-heading">
        <h2 class="lead secondary-heading">Pluto.jl notebooks</h2>
      </div>
      <div class="col-lg-4 col-md-3 language-features"><hr/></div>
    </div>

>     <p><a href="https://plutojl.org/">Pluto.jl</a> is a Julia programming environment designed for <em>learning and teaching</em>, and it is the easiest way to get started with Julia programming, packages and visualisation.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p><a href="https://plutojl.org/">Pluto.jl</a> is a Julia programming environment designed for <em>learning and teaching</em>, and it is a great way to get started with Julia programming, packages and visualisation.</p>
```
For large demographics, the easiest way to start with Julia is either pasting the juliaup command or using a replit service, so I'm not comfortable with the unqualified claim of "easiest"
